Assets.markdown, before:

---
layout: pagewcolumns
title: Assets
permalink: /Assets/
image: /assets/Images/Cover5.png
contenttitle1: "Voxel City Tileset"
content1: The Voxel City Tileset is created to make large stylized cityscapes easily. This tileset looks great using both orthographic and perspective cameras, and can produce large city environments quickly.
contentvideo1: https://www.youtube.com/embed/genbJsdgBRM
contentlink1: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/urban/voxel-city-tiles-programmer-friendly-pack1-157419
contenttitle2: "Little Devil Character"
content2: Fully animated 3D character model with lots of personality. Perfect for enemy or principle character alike. Inspired by retro games like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon, the character was created to capture the fun of the old greats using modern techniques.
contentvideo2: https://www.youtube.com/embed/JZU4ooC89Vw
contentlink2: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/little-devil-character-enemy-or-principle-161770
---

I have created a load of assets

Commit message:

Changes to get devil stuff in and update some personal info.

Assets.markdown, after:

---
layout: pagewcolumns
title: Assets
permalink: /Assets/
image: /assets/Images/Cover5.png
contenttitle1: "Voxel City Tileset"
content1: The Voxel City Tileset is created to make large stylized cityscapes easily. This tileset looks great using both orthographic and perspective cameras, and can produce large city environments quickly.
contentvideo1: https://www.youtube.com/embed/genbJsdgBRM
contentlink1: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/urban/voxel-city-tiles-programmer-friendly-pack1-157419
contenttitle2: "Little Devil Character"
content2: Fully animated 3D character model with lots of personality. Perfect for enemy or principle character alike. Inspired by retro games like Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon, the character was created to capture the fun of the old greats using modern techniques.
contentvideo2: https://www.youtube.com/embed/JZU4ooC89Vw
contentlink2: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/humanoids/little-devil-character-enemy-or-principle-161770
---

Though my qualification lie in software development, with a strong focus on gaming, I have developed my artistic skills in order to explore certain technologies and techniques as a solo developer. I have now many years experience with art packages such as Blender which allows me to create very quick and appealing prototypes, a skill which has been invaluable in my creation for both indie and AAA development.

I decided to start to release some of the assets I had used for various experiments on the Unity store, more will follow.
