HawkEngine.markdown, before:

---
layout: pagewcolumns
title: HawkEngine
permalink: /HawkEngine/
image: /assets/Images/EngineCover.jpg
contenttitle1: "Distributed design"
content1: Micro-service approach to game development, each game component is treated as a separate micro-system. Each service can communicate with other services, in a process, locally across processes or across network.
contentimage1: /assets/Images/HawkEngineStructure.jpg
contenttitle2: "Interface System"
content2: Written in c++, scripting with LUA. Current engine contains implementations for OpenGL, BulletPhysics, OpenAL, FreeType, image and audio file loading and a custom weighted mesh solution.
contentvideo2: https://www.youtube.com/embed/rrO0J_agsCE
---

HawkEngine is being designed along side my game project ChaosTheDevil. It is designed to offer a flexible system which can scale as a project grows. HawkEngine contains interfaces aimed at game development, however the core of the engine can be used for any micro-service style application.

Commit message:

Pages are now more expressive, requires text content

HawkEngine.markdown, after:

---
layout: pagewcolumns
title: HawkEngine
permalink: /HawkEngine/
image: /assets/Images/EngineCover.jpg
contenttitle1: "Distributed design"
content1: 
- Micro-service approach to game development, each game component is treated as a separate micro-system. Each service can communicate with other services, in a process, locally across processes or across network.
- More
- And More
contentimage1: /assets/Images/HawkEngineStructure.jpg
contenttitle2: "Interface System"
content2:
- Written in c++, scripting with LUA. Current engine contains implementations for OpenGL, BulletPhysics, OpenAL, FreeType, image and audio file loading and a custom weighted mesh solution.
- Bla bla bla
contentvideo2: https://www.youtube.com/embed/rrO0J_agsCE
---

# Some title
HawkEngine is being designed along side my game project ChaosTheDevil. It is designed to offer a flexible system which can scale as a project grows. HawkEngine contains interfaces aimed at game development, however the core of the engine can be used for any micro-service style application.
